rnbqkbnr/pppppppp/8/8/8/8/PPPPPPPP/RNBQKBNR
to move: white    last move:
rnbqkbnr/pppppppp/8/8/3P/8/PPP1PPPP/RNBQKBNR
to move: black    last move: 1. d4
37.6 36.4 26
Also appearing at: Byrne vs Fischer, 1963 (0-1)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1008419
rnbqkb1r/pppppppp/5n2/8/3P5/8/PPP1PPPP/RNBQKBNR
to move: white    last move: 1. d4 ... Nf6
36.1 37.2 26.7
Also appearing at: Kramnik vs Kasparov, 1994 (0-1)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1070732
rnbqkb1r/pppppppp/5n2/8/2PP5/8/PP11PPPP/RNBQKBNR
to move: black    last move: 2. c4
36.6 38.2 25.3
Also appearing at: Byrne vs Fischer, 1963 (0-1)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1008419
rnbqkb1r/pppppp1p/5np1/8/2PP5/8/PP11PPPP/RNBQKBNR
to move: white    last move: 2. c4 ... g6
38.7 35.8 25.5
Also appearing at: Karpov vs Kasparov, 1993 (0-1)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1067319
rnbqkb1r/pppppp1p/5np1/8/2PP5/2N5/PP11PPPP/R1BQKBNR
to move: black    last move: 3. Nc3
38.9 35 26
Also appearing at: Karpov vs Kasparov, 1993 (0-1)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1067319
rnbqkb1r/ppp1pp1p/5np1/3p4/2PP5/2N5/PP11PPPP/R1BQKBNR
to move: white    last move: 3. Nc3 ... d5
33.9 41.5 24.6
Also appearing at: Kramnik vs Kasparov, 2000 (1-0)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1252042
rnbqkb1r/ppp1pp1p/5np1/3P4/3P4/2N5/PP11PPPP/R1BQKBNR
to move: black    last move: 4. cd5
34.9 40.7 24.4
Also appearing at: Karpov vs Kasparov, 1990 (1-0)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1067298
rnbqkb1r/ppp1pp1p/6p1/3n4/3P4/2N5/PP11PPPP/R1BQKBNR
to move: white    last move: 4. cd5 ... Nd5
35 40.6 24.5
Also appearing at: Karpov vs Kasparov, 1990 (1-0)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1067298
rnbqkb1r/ppp1pp1p/6p1/3n4/3P4/2N5/PP1BPPPP/R11QKBNR
to move: black    last move: 5. Bd2
33.6 43.3 23.1
Also appearing at: Nakamura vs Karjakin, 2013 (1-0)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1721341
rnbqk11r/ppp1ppbp/6p1/3n4/3P4/2N5/PP1BPPPP/R11QKBNR
to move: white    last move: 5. Bd2 ... Bg7
34 42.9 23.1
Also appearing at: Nakamura vs Karjakin, 2013 (1-0)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1721341
rnbqk11r/ppp1ppbp/6p1/3n4/3PP3/2N5/PP1B1PPP/R11QKBNR
to move: black    last move: 6. e4
35 42.1 23
Also appearing at: Nakamura vs Karjakin, 2013 (1-0)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1721341
rnbqk11r/ppp1ppbp/6p1/8/3PP3/2n5/PP1B1PPP/R11QKBNR
to move: white    last move: 6. e4 ... Nc3
33.8 46.2 20
Also appearing at: Nakamura vs Karjakin, 2013 (1-0)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1721341
rnbqk11r/ppp1ppbp/6p1/8/3PP3/2B5/PP3PPP/R11QKBNR
to move: black    last move: 7. Bc3
-
Also appearing at: Shirov vs Ivanchuk, 2008 (0-1)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1494258
rnbq1rk1/ppp1ppbp/6p1/8/3PP3/2B5/PP3PPP/R11QKBNR
to move: black    last move: 7. Bc3 ... O-O
-
Also appearing at: Shirov vs Ivanchuk, 2008 (0-1)
http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1494258
rnbq1rk1/ppp1ppbp/6p1/8/3PP3/2B5/PP1Q1PPP/R3KBNR
r1bq1rk1/ppp1ppbp/2n3p1/8/3PP3/2B5/PP1Q1PPP/R3KBNR
r1bq1rk1/ppp1ppbp/2n3p1/8/3PP3/2B2N2/PP1Q1PPP/R3KB1R